[Spoken]
Ladies and gentlemen
Ladies and gentlemen
You are watching not only Manchester's, but the world's greatest band
This is The 1975, still at their very best
That's right, baby, you got it
Let's go

[Verse 1]
I see her online (When's that?)
All the time
I'm trying not to stare down there
While she talks about her tough time
Girl of your dreams
You know what I mean
There's something 'bout her stare that makes you nervous
And you say things that you don't mean (Hey!)

[Pre-Chorus]
Wеll, I found a hotel, called up the twins but
It's sеven in the morning, so they won't let me in
I need to get back, I've gotta see the girl on the screen
(Oh, let me hear you, ladies)

[Chorus]
"Maybe I would like you better if you took off your clothes
I'm not playing with you, baby, I think that you should give it a go"
She said, "Maybe I would like you better if you took off your clothes
I wanna see and stop thinking, if you're too shy, then let me
Too shy, then let me know"
(Oh, yeah)

[Verse 2]
I've been wearing nothing every time I call you
And I'm starting to feel weird about it
Sometimes, it's better if you think about it
But this time, I think I'm gonna drink through it
I see her online, and I don't think that I should be calling
All the time, I just wanted a happy ending
And I pretend that I don't care about her stare
While she's giving me a tough time, oh

[Pre-Chorus]
Well, I found a motel, it looked like the bins
I think there'd been a murder, so we couldn't get in
I need to get back, I've gotta see the girl on the screen
(One more time, baby, go!)

[Chorus]
"Maybe I would like you better if you took off your clothes
I'm not playing with you, baby, I think that you should give it a go"
She said, "Maybe I would like you better if you took off your clothes
I wanna see and stop thinking, if you're too shy, then let me
Too shy, then let me know (What?)
If you're too shy, then let me know (Oh, yeah)
If you're too shy, then let me go" (Alright, get busy Manchester, let's go!)

[Bridge]
I see her online
All the time
(Alright, how you feeling on this side?
How you doing over here, baby?
How you feeling on the floor?
And the back, let me hear you!
Let's go, Manchester, go!)

[Chorus]
"Maybe I would like you better if you took off your clothes (Fucking hell!)
I'm not playing with you, baby, I think that you should give it a go"
She said, "Maybe I would like you better if you took off your clothes, oh yeah
Oh, I wanna see and stop thinking, if you're too shy, then let me
Too shy, then let me know"